Red card!
For what?? Because of my afro? Don't be
a hater!
Everton's Fellaini complains referees call
fouls on him because of his afro, FIFA has
approved goal line technology and Messi scores
his 300th goal for Barcelona. These stories
and more on this week's Soccer News Weekly!
What's going on? Little Dap! It's Jared
Montz former pro and founder of OnlineSoccerAcademy.com.
Soccer News Weekly is a lightweight news show
that will cover a few topics in world football.
New episodes come out on Fridays. If you like
the show, subscribe!
Part of being a better player is being a better
fan. That is why we are doing the show!
Let's start off with a game of... Soccer
player look a likes.
Stoke City's American International Brek
Shea looks like... this Llama.
The Twitter handle @Earth_Pics tweeted this
Llama pic out saying "Hipster". Vancouver
Whitecaps player Jay Demerit then re tweeted
saying, "Or @BrekShea"
Well played Jay, well played!
Messi scored his 300th goal for Barca followed
by his 301st goal Saturday in his side's
2-1 win over Granada. That's 301 goals in
366 appearances.
Messi300 was the hashtag!
[Silence]
This is Barca....
The headline on HereistheCity.com is "Fellaini's
mountain of hair scares referees".
The 25 year old Fellaini is Everton's leading
scorer this year with 11 goals. He says refs
gave him bookings last year that weren't
merited mainly because it's hard for him
to go un noticed.
Even when he is out on the town people notice
his hair he says. Quote, "On one occasion
a Liverpool fan had nothing better to do then
pull my hair once, twice, five times and it
got annoying."
Stop it, you are hurting my feelings! I'm
leaving...
Poor Felliani. There was an internet meme
going around about what he looks like running
through a wind storm.
Baaaahaaaaa!!!
FIFA has approved the use of goal line technology
for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
UEFA president Michel Platini is not in favor
of goal line technology. According to ESPN
he says, "I prefer to give €50 million to
grassroots than goal-line technology for perhaps
one or two goals a year," he said and then
added "If the goal-line referee is one metre
from the line and he has good glasses, he
can see whether the ball is inside or not."
Excuse me Platini but you are assuming the
ref is not blind in that scenario. Those aren't
good odds. Hah Hah!
That's a Red card! Bad joke Jared.
Seriously though post a comment and let me
know what you think of goal line technology.
Are you for it or against?
Keeper
[Silence]
Gooooaaallll
In Peru's top football division goalkeeper
Juan Flores collapsed in a recent game due
to heat exhaustion. It's hard to grip the
ball when you are passed out so the ball fell
out of his hands and forward Piero Alva ran
up and scored.
Watch the video by clicking here.
According to Backyardsportsblog.com after
the game Alva said, "Football is for the
living".
Oh snap! Alva with some intense words. Doesn't
sound like FIFA Fair play to me Alva!
The reviews are in and the media is going
wild for Soccer News Weekly! The New York
Times calls it "Riveting". The Guardian
says "It's the best thing since Beans
on Toast" and the LA Times says, "It's
the best lightweight news show covering a
few topics in world football".
Seriously though Soccer News Weekly is getting
great reviews from the sources that matter
to us most which is you! Most of you think
the show is really funny and Youtuber Hannah
Caudill says, "Soccer News Weekly is unhealthily
hilarious".
Be sure and check out Hannah's youtube channel
by clicking here. She is a very talented guitar
player and signer.
Goooooaaallllllll!
Vancouver Whitecaps player Daigo Kobayashi
scores a Scorpion Kick goal. Watch it by clicking
here.
Lyon's Samuel Umtiti scores a sick left
footed volley from the corner of the 18 yard
box. Watch it by clicking here.
The results are in from last week's Soccer
News Weekly title question, Does Ronaldo wear
make up? 142 of you voted yes and 99 of you
voted no. That's 59% yes and 41% no. Interesting....
Last week Major League Soccer MVP Chris Wondolowski
was hanging out with Jimmy Conrad from KickTV.
KickTV tweeted out, "This is @JimmyConrad
showing how to roll like an MVP"
Pimpin aint easy Wondo! Pimpin aint easy!
This week's #SoccerisLife pic of the week
by Instagram'r RyanPan99. Ryan and his buddies
are Online Soccer Academy players in Malaysia.
The caption on his photo said, "Either your
Muslim, Christian, Chinese, Korean, Malay,
it doesn't matter as long as we have the
same passion for Soccer #SoccerisLife"
Well said Ryan, well said.
Just a heads up, on Wednesday I'm doing
a Jared Montz Chicago Fire jersey giveaway.
It's from 2005, my rookie year as a pro!
Be on the lookout for the contest video! It's
free to enter!
Clash of the titans in England! Chelsea takes
on Manchester City Sunday February 24th at
8am eastern on Fox Soccer Channel.
Who is your pick to win it?
City has been preparing really hard to get
ready for this game and putting in lots of
overtime at training.
Check out their hard work and preparation
in the Manchester City Harlem Shake video
they released this week. It's solid. Watch
it by clicking here.
Hope you enjoyed this week's episode of
Soccer News Weekly! Like, share, favorite
and don't forget to subscribe!
Yall have a good weekend ya here!
[Music]